hey folks Matt from our to the image
comm d50 500 we just did the unboxing
and initial impressions on it which was
quite favorable I'm excited especially
about the touchscreen but um it made me
realize I wasn't I couldn't remember
exactly what all the differences were on
the d50 5 from the d50 3 so I'm just
going over the spec sheet here and I got
9 fairly significant ones ones that at
least popped out to me that I could see
are different we've got the ISO
sensitivity expanded to native 25600
used to be in a boost was high one so
whether that ends up being better higher
so that remains to be seen but we'll
check that out touch screen controls
that's the huge one in the 5500 why I'm
really excited to see how this works
and then the touch screen functions that
are available with that all the
different things menu navigation
playback pinch zoom and swipe live view
AF point-and-shoot so that's should be
where you touch on the screen and it
fires the shot from where you focused
and shouldn't fire which is really cool
I've used it on the Panasonic's let's
see what else we got here so that's
three things while the touch screens
kind of tube or one but we'll count that
as 2 then the tucked touch function
settings you can choose your AF points
you're AF area mode your ISO sensitivity
you could turn on the auto bracketing
aperture all these things can be done
from the touch screen on the back which
is really cool especially on a body we
don't have the dual command dials I call
them but you know you don't have one for
shutter and one for aperture like you do
on the 70-200 nice eye sensor that's new
to the D 5500 so it turns the LCD
monitor on or off it senses you're up to
your eye or whether you're down then it
shuts it on or off that's cool suck
table audio frequency range so that that
it has that 53 did not so I'll be
interesting to see what that is more of
a video feature obviously but
interesting to see how it works and what
it gives us
LCD info screen says as an updated white
screen added equivalent to the d750 to
be honest I'm not even really sure what
that is I'm gonna have to look into that
but sounds interesting I'm always
interested in more information available
on the LCD screen so we'll check that
out and let you know the battery the
5300 is the same battery it's the en eeo
14a but the 5300 was rated for 600
shots this is rated for 820 you know
they're they're usually if they've
tweaked it to be lower power consumption
it usually is true it usually works I
you know it's not may not we may not get
the full 820 but then we may not have
also got the full 600 so I guess what
I'm saying there is the percentage that
they're saying is better between 600 and
820 we should kind of see that in our
operations regardless of what we get and
wait it's down to 420 from 480 so that's
a fairly significant reduction fourteen
point eight ounces versus sixteen point
nine three but when you look at is 420
grams versus 480 grams ones over a pound
and the others under a pound uh you know
sixty grams there it's it's enough when
you're talking small light bodies like
this so those are the nine things that I
see as different between the D 55 and D
5300 I've I missed something guys let me
know below those are the ones that not
all them overly significant the big one
for me is this touchscreen awesome I'm
really excited to see how that goes
and then also mostly I'm really
interested to see about the image
quality so the touchscreen for me is a
biggie but those are the nine things in
total that I kind of pulled out of here
and you know two or three of them I
guess were to do with the touchscreen so
might be six or seven if you look at it
that way in any case as I said if I've
missed something leave it below if you
guys have any questions about the 5500
while we here but here for testing let
me know and we'll try to get them
answered for you thanks for tuning in
stay tuned we'll be back soon with more
on the d50 500 thanks a lot guys
you